hello it Dean the lunatic here this is
going to explain this tutorial of how to
to bird body or a roll through and take
it to 64 this will show you how to make
a parrot in the process of how to do
this single 260 balloon parrot
don't pop that on inflation and I think
I get a bad group of balloons here
because this is taped to first take I
started losing some gas like a little
pinhole leak at the tail there that
comes every once in a while I'm just
glad that the balloon company doesn't
make condoms
alright about three to two inches worth
the tail tie that up with a little bit
larger of a mouth not than what you'd
normally would do
twist off about an inch worth of balloon
just gonna pull that down alongside pull
it so you can get a larger bubble this
would be about two to three inches worth
of bubble compared to your first inch
not twist it and will lock the neck
that sick mouth
wrap it in between the beak and the head
and then hate it so yeah bird beak and a
bird head now take about six to eight
inches for the body just like always
hold on to the first and last bubble
pull it up those two together and now we
have two wings bird beak and a bird head
move that bubble down and make it a
slight bit shorter and two wings that
you did and twist a bubble there now
this is called a bird body or a roll
through twist hold it
try it get the net loss it there get the
not towards the twist right there and
push the body on through to the opposite
side sort of like the teddy bear nose
and now we've got a Parrothead beak
wings and the belly now we twist off the
feet of the parrot um depending on how
much tail you could make large feet or
smaller feet but no less than I can inch
or self
we stopped the second foot in the forest
now we got a pair of just finish it off
by founding that job okay
squishing it pluck it a little bit you
can just sit up on your shoulder pull a
little bit of fabric through from your
shirt our ladies that's how you do a
bird body and roll through bird body
twist or roll through and a single
balloon 260 parrot Dean lunatic signing
off for now